My wife had some plans with these other two sisters, so that'll be a good group.
For an ex-group, Frances, a brother and sister Kenny, and a brother Hodges.
It'll be the next group, and that just leaves my side.
I love brother Hodges, and brother and sister Kenny.
But today, I just want to be with my friends.
Besides, brother Madison just got here, and he'd love to be in this group.
It's fine. When the meeting's over, I'll just make my own arrangements, and jump in with my friends.
Not that one, honey. It's the other one.
Wait, what am I doing? I'm so focused on what I want. I'm not considering what others need.
These weren't the arrangements I hoped for. But what kind of example would I be setting?
Or blessing what I get. If I do my own thing.
Brother Kenny, can I help you with that?
Yes, thank you.
Thank you, Frances.
You're welcome, sister Kenny.
My arthritis has acting up today, and having you with us is an answer to prayers.
Brother Kenny, I love working with you, sister Kenny.